# FeelinConnected
Within the Hall of Fame of Board Games we have all gotten the chance to enjoy at one point or another, Connect Four holds a special place in all our hearts. Although it has been several years since we have entered the high-stakes world of the game, the rules have managed to stay the same. A game of Connect Four begins with a specialized gameboard, a seven-by-seven upright grid stationed between you and your opponent. Each player takes turns to place their coloured token within the grid; only being able to stack vertically if a token has already been placed beneath. The goal of each player is to build a path of four of their tokens in any direction (diagonals are allowed).

In the past, our only strategy was to sporadically place tokens as we deemed fit, hoping a pattern of four will emerge. After countless losses, it became very clear that a better strategy must exist in order to increase our chances of winning. The goal for this project is to determine whether it is possible to develop an AI capable of producing better results than any random, sporadic player of Connect Four. From the gameplay instructions, it becomes clear that Connect Four can be naturally translated into Python using graphs. Properties of paths, and connectedness (and our own implementation) will come in handy when creating the mechanics of the game. 

Ultimately, we want to be able to give this AI to any individual who is not confident in their Connect Four skills. May that be our uncle’s only sibling’s child who wants to show-off to the adults or our grandparents who have no clue what Connect Four really is. We want anyone who uses our AI to be able to maximize their skills immediately.
